[readme] fixed image and links (#497)
lastmile-ai/aiconfig: README.md

</code></pre>
</details>

The core SDK allows you to use your AIConfig easily in your application code.

> We cover Python instructions here, for Node.js please see the detailed Getting Started guide [here](https://aiconfig.lastmileai.dev/docs/getting-started).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We cover Python instructions here, for Node.js please see the detailed [Getting Started guide] (https://aiconfig.lastmileai.dev/docs/getting-started).
```
nit

Author: gunna keep it as is

## Features

> - **Prompts as Configs**: [standardized JSON format](https://aiconfig.lastmileai.dev/docs/overview/ai-config-format) to store prompt and model settings in source control.

Reviewer: Should this be 'store prompts'? As-is, it sort of sounds like just storing prompt settings even though we store the literal prompts themselves

- **Editor for Prompt Chains**: Prototype and iterate on your prompt chains and model settings in [AI Workbooks](https://lastmileai.dev/workbooks/clooqs3p200kkpe53u6n2rhr9).

> - **Model-agnostic SDK**: Access the latest models from OpenAI, Google, Meta, and HuggingFace - easily support your own model.

Reviewer: nit, I kind of like the previous wording better. My thought reading this is that it only supports models from those mentioned or ones that I host somewhere

- **Multimodal Support**: Build multimodal AI apps that chain text, image, and audio models together.

> - **Improved Collaboration**: Different people can be responsible for prompt engineering vs app development. AIConfig makes it easy to work together given the separation of concerns between generative AI settings and app code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Collaborative Development**: AIConfig enables different people to work on prompt engineering and app development, and collaborate together by sharing the `aiconfig` artifact.
```

- [Gemini](https://github.com/lastmile-ai/aiconfig/tree/main/cookbooks/Gemini)
- [LLaMA](https://github.com/lastmile-ai/aiconfig/tree/main/cookbooks/llama)
- [LLaMA Guard](https://github.com/lastmile-ai/aiconfig/tree/main/cookbooks/LLaMA-Guard)
- [Google PaLM models (PaLM chat)](https://github.com/lastmile-ai/aiconfig/tree/main/cookbooks/Multi-LLM-Consistency)
- [Hugging Face Text Generation Task models (Ex. Mistral-7B)](https://github.com/lastmile-ai/aiconfig/tree/main/cookbooks/HuggingFace)

If you need to use a model that isn't provided out of the box, you can implement a `ModelParser` for it.

> See [instructions](https://aiconfig.lastmileai.dev/docs/extensibility#1-bring-your-own-model) on how to support a new model on AIConfig.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [instructions](https://aiconfig.lastmileai.dev/docs/extensibility#1-bring-your-own-model) on how to support a new model in AIConfig.
```
nit
